A strange seed was 
When the bulb on 
The plant blooms 
Obviously prefers 
When it swings 
Spits fire that 
After birth, its 
Often hides in 
A brutal POKéMON 
Its short feet are tipped with suction 
This POKéMON is 
In battle, it 
Often found in 
Almost incapable 
It has three poisonous stingers on its forelegs and 
A common sight in 
Very protective 
When hunting, it 
Bites anything 
It uses its whis­ 
It flaps its small wings busily to 
With its huge and 
Moves silently 
It is rumored that 
When several of 
Its long tail serves as a ground to protect itself 
Burrows deep 
Curls up into a 
Although small, 
The female's horn 
Its hard scales 
Stiffens its ears 
An aggressive 
It uses its 
Its magical and 
A timid fairy 
At the time of 
Very smart and 
When its huge eyes 
The body is soft 
Forms colonies in 
Once it strikes, 
During the day, 
The fluid that 
It has the world’s largest petals. With every step, 
Burrows to suck 
A host-parasite 
Lives in the 
The dustlike scales covering its wings 
Lives about one 
A team of DIGLETT 
It washes its face regularly to keep the coin on 
Although its fur 
While lulling its 
Often seen swim­ 
Extremely quick to 
Always furious 
Very protective 
A POKéMON that 
Its newly grown 
Capable of living 
An adept swimmer 
Using its ability 
It emits special 
Its brain can out­ 
Loves to build 
Its muscular body 
Using its heavy 
A carnivorous 
It spits out 
Said to live in 
Drifts in shallow 
The tentacles are 
Found in fields 
Rolls down slopes 
Its boulder-like 
Its hooves are 10 
Very competitive, 
Incredibly slow 
The SHELLDER that 
Uses anti-gravity 
Formed by several 
The sprig of 
A bird that makes 
Uses its three 
The protruding 
Stores thermal 
Appears in filthy 
Thickly covered 
Its hard shell 
When attacked, it 
Almost invisible, 
Because of its 
Under a full moon, 
As it grows, the 
Puts enemies to 
When it locks eyes 
Its pincers are 
The large pincer 
Usually found in 
It stores electric 
Often mistaken 
Legend has it that 
Because it never 
The bone it holds 
When in a hurry, 
While apparently 
Its tongue can be 
Because it stores 
Where two kinds 
A POKéMON with a 
Protected by an 
A rare and elusive 
The whole body is 
The infant rarely 
Known to shoot 
Capable of swim­ 
Its tail fin 
In the autumn spawning season, they can 
If its body is torn, it can grow 
Its central core 
If interrupted 
With ninja-like 
It seductively 
Normally found 
Its body always 
If it fails to 
When it targets 
In the distant 
Once it begins to rampage, a 
A POKéMON that 
Capable of copying 
Its genetic code 
Lives close to 
It accumulates 
When storing 
A POKéMON that 
Although long 
A prehistoric 
A POKéMON that 
Its sleek shape is 
A Pokémon that roamed the skies 
Very lazy. Just 
A legendary bird 
A legendary bird 
Known as the 
Long considered a 
A mystical POKéMON 
An extremely 
It was created by 
So rare that it 
A sweet aroma 
The scent of 
The aroma that 
It has a timid nature. If it is startled, the flames on 
Be careful if it 
If its rage peaks, 
Its well-developed 
If it loses a 
When it bites with 
A very cautious 
It makes a nest to 
It always stands 
Its eyes are 
It is very timid. 
When the stars 
It lies still in 
It spins string 
It flies so si­ 
Chinchou blink their shining antennae at one 
The light it emits 
It is not yet 
Because of its 
It has a very soft 
The shell seems to 
They say that it 
Because its wings 
They say that it 
If static elec­ 
As a result of 
The tail's tip 
Plentiful in the tropics. When it 
The tip of its 
It lives in water virtually all day long. 
Although it always 
If POLIWAG and 
To keep from being 
The bloom on top 
Once it catches 
Its tail is so 
It may drop out of 
It converts sun­ 
If it flaps its 
This POKéMON lives 
This carefree 
It uses the fine 
When agitated, 
Feared and loathed 
It has incredible 
It likes playing 
Their shapes look 
It hates light and 
Its tail has a 
It likes to make 
Its entire body is 
When spotted, this 
It flies straight 
It is thought its body transformed 
Although it looks 
It is actually 
To fire its poison 
It has a steel-hard body. It 
The BERRIES it 
It is usually docile, but if it is 
Its paws conceal 
If it finds honey, 
Although it is a 
It never sleeps. 
The shell on its 
It rubs its snout 
Because the long 
It continuously 
It has superb ac­ 
It traps enemies 
It carries food 
As it majestically 
Its sturdy wings 
It uses different 
If you are burned 
It is said that it 
It swings its long 
It has sharp, hard 
This upgraded 
The curved antlers 
A special fluid 
It is always 
If you become 
Its lips are the 
It rotates its 
Each and every 
Its milk is packed 
Anyone who takes 
The rain clouds it 
Volcanoes erupt 
It races around the world to 
It feeds on soil. 
Its shell is as 
Its body can't be 
It is said that it 
Legends claim this 
This POKéMON wan­ 
TREECKO has small hooks on the bottom 
The leaves growing out of GROVYLE’s 
The leaves growing on SCEPTILE’s body 
TORCHIC sticks with its TRAINER, 
COMBUSKEN toughens up its legs and 
In battle, BLAZIKEN blows out intense 
The fin on MUDKIP’s head acts as highly 
The surface of MARSHTOMP’s body is 
SWAMPERT is very strong. It has enough 
At first sight, POOCHYENA takes a bite 
MIGHTYENA gives obvious signals when 
ZIGZAGOON restlessly wanders 
LINOONE always runs full speed and only 
Using the spikes on its rear end,   
SILCOON tethers itself to a tree branch 
BEAUTIFLY’s favorite food is the sweet 
CASCOON makes its protective cocoon 
DUSTOX is instinctively drawn to light. 
It searches about for clean water. If it does not 
It lives at the water’s edge where it is 
LUDICOLO begins dancing as soon as 
SEEDOT attaches itself to a tree 
NUZLEAF live in densely overgrown 
It lives quietly in the deep forest. 
TAILLOW courageously stands its 
SWELLOW flies high above our heads, 
WINGULL has the habit of carrying prey 
It is a messenger of the skies, 
RALTS senses the emotions of 
It is said that a KIRLIA that is 
GARDEVOIR has the ability to read the 
From the tips of its feet, SURSKIT 
MASQUERAIN intimidates enemies with 
SHROOMISH live in damp soil in the dark 
BRELOOM closes in on its foe with light 
SLAKOTH lolls around for over twenty 
VIGOROTH is always itching and agitated 
SLAKING spends all day lying down and 
NINCADA lives underground for many 
NINJASK moves around at such a high 
SHEDINJA’s hard body doesn’t move - 
Normally, WHISMUR’s voice is very quiet - 
LOUDRED’s bellowing can completely 
EXPLOUD triggers earthquakes with the 
MAKUHITA is tenacious - it will keep 
It has the habit of challenging others 
A Pokémon that lives by water. 
NOSEPASS’s magnetic nose is always 
SKITTY has the habit of becoming 
DELCATTY prefers to live an unfettered 
SABLEYE lead quiet lives deep inside 
MAWHILE’s huge jaws are actually steel 
This POKéMON has a body of steel. 
LAIRON tempers its steel body by 
AGGRON claims an entire mountain as its 
MEDITITE undertakes rigorous mental 
It is said that through meditation, 
ELECTRIKE stores electricity in its 
MANECTRIC is constantly discharging 
PLUSLE always acts as a cheerleader 
MINUN is more concerned about cheering 
With the arrival of night, VOLBEAT emits 
With its sweet aroma, it guides 
ROSELIA shoots sharp thorns as 
Virtually all of GULPIN’s body is its 
When SWALOT spots prey, it spurts out 
CARVANHA’s strongly developed jaws 
Nicknamed “the bully of the sea,” 
WAILMER’s nostrils are located above 
WAILORD is the largest of all identified 
NUMEL is extremely dull witted - it 
CAMERUPT has a volcano inside its body. 
You can tell how it’s feeling by the smoke 
SPOINK bounces around on its tail. 
GRUMPIG uses the black pearls on its 
No two Spinda have the same 
TRAPINCH’s nest is a sloped, bowl-like 
To make prey faint, VIBRAVA generates 
FLYGON is nicknamed “the elemental  
CACNEA lives in arid locations such 
During the daytime, CACTURNE remains 
SWABLU has light and fluffy wings that 
ALTARIA dances and wheels through the 
Memories of battling its arch-rival 
SEVIPER shares a generations-long 
LUNATONE was discovered at a location 
Solar energy is the source of its power, 
BARBOACH’s sensitive whiskers serve 
WHISCASH is extremely territorial. 
Its hardy vitality enables it to 
CRAWDAUNT has an extremely violent 
BALTOY moves while spinning around on 
CLAYDOL are said to be dolls of mud made 
LILEEP became extinct approximately 
CRADILY roams around the ocean floor 
ANORITH was regenerated from a 
ARMALDO’s tough armor makes all attacks 
FEEBAS’s fins are ragged and 
Its lovely scales are described as 
CASTFORM’s appearance changes with 
It changes body color to blend in with 
SHUPPET is attracted by feelings 
BANETTE generates energy for laying 
DUSKULL can pass through any wall no 
DUSCLOPS’s body is completely hollow - 
The bunches of fruit around TROPIUS’s 
CHIMECHO makes its cries echo 
Every time ABSOL appears before people, 
WYNAUT can always be seen with a big, 
SNORUNT live in regions with heavy 
GLALIE has a body made of rock, which it 
SPHEAL is much faster rolling than  
SEALEO has the habit of always juggling 
It swims through icy seas while shattering 
CLAMPERL’s sturdy shell is not only good 
HUNTAIL’s presence went unnoticed by 
GOREBYSS lives in the southern seas 
RELICANTH is a POKéMON species that 
LUVDISC live in shallow seas in the 
Dreaming of one day flying, it practices by leaping 
Inside SHELGON’s armor-like shell, cells 
SALAMENCE came about as a result of a 
Instead of blood, a powerful magnetic 
When two BELDUM fuse together, METANG 
METAGROSS has four brains in total. 
Its entire body is made of rock. 
REGICE’s body was made during an ice 
REGISTEEL has a body that is harder 
LATIAS is highly sensitive to the 
LATIOS has the ability to make its foe 
KYOGRE has the power to create massive 
GROUDON has long been described in  
RAYQUAZA lived for hundreds of millions 
A legend states that JIRACHI will make 
The DNA of a space virus underwent a 
Made from soil, the shell on its 
It knows where pure water wells 
Small Pokémon occasionally gather 
It agilely scales sheer cliffs to 
To intimidate attackers, it 
It uses a special kind of martial 
Because it is very proud, it hates 
It lives alone, away from others. 
The three horns that extend from 
They flock in great numbers. 
It flies around forests and fields 
It has a savage nature. It will 
With nerves of steel, nothing can 
It makes its nest by damming 
It shakes its head back to front, 
It crosses its knifelike arms in 
All of its fur dazzles if danger is 
Its claws loose electricity with 
It has eyes that can see through 
Over the winter, it closes its bud 
It attracts prey with a sweet 
It lived in jungles around 100 
Its powerful head butt has enough 
A Pokémon that lived in jungles 
Any frontal attack is repulsed. 
To shelter itself from cold, wintry 
When BURMY evolved, its cloak 
It loves the honey of flowers 
A Pokémon formed by three others. 
Its abdomen is a honeycomb for 
It makes fur balls that crackle 
It has a flotation sac that is 
It floats using its well-developed 
The small ball holds the nutrients 
It blooms during times of strong 
Its colors and shapes differ from 
It has a pliable body without any 
To eat, it deftly shucks nuts 
A Pokémon formed by the spirits 
At dusk, swarms of them are 
It slams foes by sharply uncoiling 
An extremely cautious Pokémon. 
Its cries sound like incantations. 
Becoming active at night, it is 
It claws if displeased and purrs 
It is a brazen brute that barges 
It emits cries by agitating an orb 
It protects itself by spraying a 
It sprays a vile-smelling fluid 
Implements shaped like it were 
One caused a news sensation when 
It looks as if it is always crying. 
It habitually mimics foes. Once 
It loves round white things. 
It can learn and speak human 
A Pokémon that was formed by 108 
It nests in small, horizontal holes 
There is a long-held belief that 
When it folds up its body and 
It wolfs down its weight in food 
The aura that emanates from its 
It has the ability to sense the 
It lives in arid places. Instead 
It blasts internally stored sand 
It grips prey with its tail claws 
It has the power in its clawed 
Its cheeks hold poison sacs. 
Its knuckle claws secrete a toxin 
It attracts prey with its sweet- 
After long exposure to sunlight, 
It lives on the deep-sea floor. 
A friendly Pokémon that captures 
It lives on snowy mountains. 
It whips up blizzards in mountains 
They live in cold regions, forming 
It evolved from exposure to a 
It wraps things with its extensible 
It puts rocks in holes in its palms 
It ensnares prey by extending 
As its electric charge amplifies, 
It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 
It will never appear where there 
By churning its wings, it creates 
Just like a plant, it uses 
As a protective technique, it can 
It observes prey while hanging 
Its impressive tusks are made of 
Additional software was installed 
A master of courtesy and 
It freely controls three small 
The antenna on its head captures 
It freezes foes with an icy breath 
Its body is composed of plasma. It 
Known as “The Being of Knowledge.” 
Known as “The Being of Emotion.” 
Known as “The Being of Willpower.” 
It has the power to control time. 
It has the ability to distort 
It dwells in volcanic caves. It 
There is an enduring legend that 
A Pokémon that is said to live in a 
Shiny particles are released from 
It drifts in warm seas. It always returns to where it 
Born on a cold seafloor, it 
It can lull people to sleep and 
It lives in flower patches and 
It is described in mythology as 
This Pokémon brings victory. It is said 
It is very intelligent and calm. 
It moves along the ground as if sliding. 
It can stop its opponents’ 
It can deftly dodge its foe’s attacks 
When its internal fire flares up, its 
It can throw a fire punch by setting its 
It fights using the scalchop on its 
Strict training is how it learns its 
One swing of the sword incorporated in 
Using food stored in cheek pouches, 
When they see an enemy, their tails 
It faces strong opponents with great 
It has black, cape-like fur that is 
It rescues people stranded by 
They steal from people for fun, but their 
These Pokémon vanish and appear 
This Pokémon dwells deep in the forest. 
Ill tempered, it fights by swinging its 
When it is angered, the temperature 
It loves sweets because they become 
The water stored inside the tuft on 
The tuft on its head holds water. When 
Munna always float in the air. People 
The mist emanating from their foreheads 
Each follows its Trainer’s orders as 
It can return to its Trainer’s location 
Males swing their head plumage to 
When thunderclouds cover the sky, it will appear. 
They have lightning-like movements. 
Its ear is hexagonal in shape. 
When it overflows with power, 
Compressing the energy from its 
Its habitat is dark forests and caves. 
It emits sound waves of various 
It can dig through the ground 
It can help in tunnel construction. 
It touches others with the feelers on 
It fights by swinging a piece of lumber 
This Pokémon is so muscular and strongly 
It is thought that Conkeldurr taught 
They warn others of danger by 
When they vibrate the bumps on their 
They shoot paralyzing liquid from their 
When it tightens its belt, it becomes 
The sound of Sawk punching boulders 
Leavanny dress it in clothes they made 
Forests where Swadloon live have superb 
Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves 
Its bite injects a potent poison, enough 
Protected by a hard shell, it spins 
With quick movements, it chases down 
When attacked, it escapes by shooting 
Like the wind, it can slip through any 
The leaves on its head are very bitter. 
Even veteran Trainers face a challenge 
Red and blue Basculin get along so 
They live buried in the sands of the 
They live in groups of a few individuals. 
They never allow prey to escape. 
When its internal fire is burning, it 
Its internal fire burns at 2,500° F, 
It uses an up-tempo song and dance 
This Pokémon can easily melt holes in 
Competing for territory, Crustle 
Its skin has a rubbery elasticity, so 
Groups of them beat up anything 
They never vary the route they fly, 
Each of them carries a mask that used 
It has been said that they swallow those 
Restored from a fossil, this Pokémon 
They can live both in the ocean and on 
Said to be an ancestor of bird Pokémon, 
They are intelligent and will cooperate 
Inhaling the gas they belch will make 
It clenches opponents with its left arm 
It changes into the forms of others 
Bonds between these Pokémon are very 
They greet one another by rubbing each 
Their white fur is coated in a special oil 
Their ribbonlike feelers increase their 
They use hypnosis to control people and 
Starry skies thousands of light-years 
They drive away attackers by unleashing 
Since they have two divided brains, 
When Reuniclus shake hands, a network 
These bird Pokémon are excellent divers. 
Swanna start to dance at dusk. 
The temperature of their breath 
Snowy mountains are this Pokémon’s 
Swallowing large amounts of water, they 
The color and scent of their fur changes 
They migrate according to the seasons. 
The energy made in its cheeks’ electric 
These mysterious Pokémon evolve when 
They fly around at high speed, striking 
It lures people in with its Poké Ball 
It lures prey close by dancing and 
With its thin, veil-like arms wrapped 
The fate of the ships and crew that 
The special membrane enveloping 
Joltik that live in cities have learned 
When attacked, they create an 
When threatened, it attacks by 
It fights by swinging around its three 
The two minigears that mesh together 
By changing the direction in which it 
The gear with the red core is 
While one alone doesn’t have much power, 
They coil around foes and shock them 
They crawl out of the ocean using their 
It uses its strong psychic power 
It can manipulate an opponent’s memory. 
Litwick shines a light that absorbs the 
This ominous Pokémon is feared. 
It absorbs a spirit, which it then burns. 
They use their tusks to crush the 
Since a broken tusk will not grow back, 
They are kind but can be relentless 
When it is not feeling well, its mucus 
It can make its breath freeze at will. 
When its body temperature goes up, it 
When attacked, it defends itself by 
When its body dries out, it weakens. 
Its skin is very hard, so it is unhurt 
In fights, they dominate with onslaughts 
It wields the fur on its arms like a whip. 
It warms its body by absorbing sunlight 
The energy that burns inside it 
It flies across the sky at Mach speeds. 
Blades comprise this Pokémon’s entire 
It leads a group of Pawniard. 
Their fluffy fur absorbs damage, 
They crush berries with their talons. They bravely 
They fight for their friends without any 
Their wings are too tiny to allow them to fly. 
It makes a nest out of bones it finds. 
It breathes through a hole in its tail 
They attack in groups, covering 
It tends to bite everything, and it 
After it has eaten up all the food in its territory, 
This brutal Pokémon travels the skies on 
This Pokémon was believed to have 
When volcanic ash darkened the 
This legendary Pokémon battled against 
This Pokémon came to the defense of 
This Pokémon fought humans in order 
The lower half of its body is wrapped in 
Countless charred remains mar the 
This Pokémon appears in legends. 
Concealing itself in lightning clouds, 
Lands visited by Landorus grant such 
It generates a powerful, freezing 
By blasting water from its hooves, it can 
Its melodies are sung with a special vocalization 
Over 300 million years ago, it was feared 
The quills on its head are usually soft. 
It relies on its sturdy shell to deflect predators’ 
Its Tackle is forceful enough to flip a 50-ton tank. 
Eating a twig fills it with energy, 
It has a twig stuck in its tail. With 
It gazes into the flame at the tip of 
It secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back. 
It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise 
It creates throwing stars out of compressed water. 
They use their large ears to dig burrows. 
With their powerful ears, they can heft 
These friendly Pokémon send signals 
From its beak, it expels embers that set 
In the fever of an exciting battle, it 
When under attack from bird Pokémon, 
It lives hidden within thicket shadows. 
Vivillon with many different patterns are 
The stronger the opponent it faces, 
The male with the largest mane of fire 
It draws out and controls the hidden power 
It flutters around fields of flowers and cares for 
It claims exquisite flower gardens as its territory, 
Thought to be one of the first Pokémon to live in 
It can tell how its Trainer is feeling by 
It does its best to be taken seriously by its enemies, 
Although it possesses a violent temperament, 
Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes 
The organ that emits its intense psychic power is 
When in danger, it raises its ears and 
Apparently this Pokémon is born when a 
When Honedge evolves, it divides into two swords, 
Generations of kings were attended by these 
It emits a scent that enraptures those 
It devises various scents, pleasant and unpleasant, 
To entangle its opponents in battle, it extrudes 
It can distinguish the faintest of scents. 
Opponents who stare at the flashing of the 
It wields the most compelling hypnotic powers 
Two Binacle live together on one rock. 
When they evolve, two Binacle multiply into seven. 
Camouflaged as rotten kelp, they spray 
Their poison is strong enough to eat through 
They knock down flying prey by firing 
Their enormous claws launch cannonballs of 
They make their home in deserts. They can 
They flare their frills and generate energy. 
This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. 
Thanks to its gargantuan jaws, which could shred 
This ancient Pokémon was restored 
The diamond-shaped crystals on its body 
It sends a soothing aura from its 
Although its body is small, its proficient 
Its whiskers serve as antennas. By sending and 
Born from the temperatures and pressures 
The weakest Dragon-type Pokémon, 
It drives away opponents by excreting a 
This very friendly Dragon-type Pokémon 
These key collectors threaten any attackers 
These Pokémon are created when 
It can control trees at will. It will trap people 
The pumpkin body is inhabited by a spirit 
Singing in eerie voices, they wander 
It blocks opponents’ attacks with the 
Its ice-covered body is as hard as steel. 
They live in pitch-black caves. Their enormous ears 
They fly around on moonless nights 
Legends say it can share eternal life. 
When this legendary Pokémon’s wings and 
When the Kalos region’s ecosystem falls into 
A sudden transformation of Carbink, 
This troublemaker sends anything 
It lets out billows of steam and disappears into 
This wary Pokémon uses photosynthesis to 
A bit of a dandy, it spends its free time 
It fires arrow quills from its wings with such 
While grooming itself, it builds up fur inside its 
At its throat, it bears a bell of fire. The bell rings 
This Pokémon has a violent, selfish disposition. 
This Pokémon snorts body fluids from its nose, 
A skillful dancer, it creates a sequence of water 
It controls its water balloons with song. The 
It can peck at a rate of 16 times a second to 
It eats berries and stores their seeds in its 
When it battles, its beak heats up. The 
With its sharp fangs, it will bite anything. 
When it finds a trace of its prey, it patiently 
Its strong jaw enables it to scrape trees and 
Its body is capable of storing electricity. On 
It zips around, on sharp lookout for an opening. 
While guarding its weak points with its pincers, 
It aimed for the top but got lost and ended up 
It beats its wings together to create fire. 
It feeds on the nectar and pollen of flowers. 
It rolls up pollen into puffs. It makes many 
It’s considered to be a good Pokémon for 
Its quick movements confuse its enemies. 
When it’s in trouble, its eyes moisten and begin 
It plunges the poison spike on its head into its 
Toxapex crawls along the ocean floor on its 
The mud stuck to Mudbray’s hooves enhances 
It spits a mud that provides resistance to both 
It crawls onto the land in search of food. 
It delivers headbutts with the water bubble 
During the day, it sleeps and soaks up light. 
It requires a lot of effort to maintain Lurantis’s 
It scatters spores that flicker and glow. Anyone 
Forests where Shiinotic live are treacherous to 
It burns its bodily fluids to create a poisonous 
For some reason, only females have been found. 
Despite its adorable appearance, when it gets 
This immensely dangerous Pokémon 
A delectable aroma pours from its body. 
The sepals on its head developed to protect its 
Its long, striking legs aren’t just for show but to 
It attaches flowers to its highly nutritious vine. 
Known for its extreme intelligence, this Pokémon 
They form groups of roughly 20 individuals. 
This Pokémon is a coward. As it desperately 
With a flashing slash of its giant sharp claws, 
Born from a sand mound playfully built by a 
Possessed people controlled by this Pokémon 
It’s covered in a slime that keeps its skin moist, 
The heavy control mask it wears suppresses its 
Its trust in its partner is what awakens it. 
Originally making its home in the ozone layer, 
It is born asleep, and it dies asleep. All its 
The shell on its back is chemically unstable 
The spiny fur on its back is normally at rest. 
Its actual appearance is unknown. A scholar 
When it unleashes its psychic power from the 
It has a compassionate personality, but if it is 
Swinging its massive anchor, it can KO Wailord 
It expresses its feelings by smacking 
It leaps at its prey with a courageous shout. 
When it spots enemies, it threatens them by 
This guardian deity of Melemele is brimming with 
This guardian deity of Akala is guilelessly cruel. 
It pulls large trees up by the roots and swings 
The dense fog it creates brings the downfall 
Its body is gaseous and frail. It slowly grows as 
Motionless as if dead, its body is faintly warm to 
It is said to live in another world. The intense 
It is said to be a female evolution of Cosmog. 
One of several mysterious Ultra Beasts. People 
This Ultra Beast appeared from another world. 
One of the dangerous Ultra Beasts, it has been 
One of the mysterious life-forms known as Ultra 
It appeared from the Ultra Wormhole. Witnesses 
This Ultra Beast came from the Ultra Wormhole. 
It has gobbled mountains and swallowed whole 
Reminiscent of the Ultra Beasts, this life-form, 
This artificial Pokémon, constructed more than 
Able to conceal itself in shadows, it never 
This Ultra Beast is well enough liked to be 
It stores hundreds of liters of poisonous liquid 
It appeared from an Ultra Wormhole. Each one 
It slithers toward people. Then, without warning, 
It electrifies its claws and tears its opponents 
It melts particles of iron and other metals found 
Revered long ago for its capacity to create iron 
When it uses its special stick to strike up a beat, 
The faster a Thwackey can beat out a rhythm 
By drumming, it taps into the power of its special 
A warm-up of running around gets fire energy 
Its thick and fluffy fur protects it from the cold 
It juggles a pebble with its feet, turning it into a 
When scared, this Pokémon cries. Its tears pack 
A clever combatant, this Pokémon battles using 
It has many hidden capabilities, such as fingertips 
Found throughout the Galar region, this Pokémon 
It stashes berries in its tail—so many berries that 
It will bravely challenge any opponent, no matter 
Smart enough to use tools in battle, these 
This Pokémon reigns supreme in the skies of the 
A constant collector of information, this Pokémon 
It barely moves, but it’s still alive. Hiding in its 
It’s famous for its high level of intelligence, and 
Aided by the soft pads on its feet, it silently raids 
It secretly marks potential targets with a scent. 
It anchors itself in the ground with its single leg, 
The seeds attached to its cotton fluff are full of 
Its curly fleece is such an effective cushion that 
Weave a carpet from its springy wool, and you end 
Apparently the itch of its teething impels it to 
With jaws that can shear through steel rods, 
This Pokémon is very popular as a herding dog 
This Pokémon generates electricity and channels 
Most of its body has the same composition as 
It forms coal inside its body. Coal dropped by 
It’s usually peaceful, but the vandalism of mines 
It spends its entire life inside an apple. It hides 
It ate a sour apple, and that induced its 
Eating a sweet apple caused its evolution. 
As it digs, it swallows sand and stores it in its 
When it contracts its body, over 220 pounds of 
It’s so strong that it can knock out some 
If it sees any movement around it, this Pokémon 
This Pokémon has a jaw that’s as sharp as a spear 
It stores poison in an internal poison sac and 
When this Pokémon sounds as if it’s strumming a 
It stores flammable gas in its body and uses it to 
When it heats up, its body temperature reaches 
It’s very curious, but its means of investigating 
A body made up of nothing but muscle makes 
This Pokémon is said to have been born when 
This species lives in antique teapots. 
Via the protrusion on its head, it senses other 
No matter who you are, if you bring strong 
It emits psychic power strong enough to cause 
Through its nose, it sucks in the emanations 
When it gets down on all fours as if to beg for 
With the hair wrapped around its body helping to 
Its voice is staggering in volume. Obstagoon 
What appears to be an iron helmet is actually 
Its shell is overflowing with its heightened 
Only Farfetch’d that have survived many battles 
It’s highly skilled at tap-dancing. It waves its cane 
A powerful curse was woven into an ancient 
This Pokémon was born from sweet-smelling 
When it trusts a Trainer, it will treat them to 
Five of them are troopers, and one is the brass. 
It feeds on seaweed, using its teeth to scrape it 
It spits out thread imbued with a frigid sort of 
Icy scales fall from its wings like snow as it flies 
It stands in grasslands, watching the sun’s descent 
It drifted in on the flow of ocean waters from a 
It uses the horns on its head to sense the 
As it eats the seeds stored up in its pocket-like 
It digs up the ground with its trunk. It’s also very 
They came over from another region long 
In ancient times, it was unbeatable thanks to its 
The shaking of its freezing upper half is what 
Powerful legs and jaws made it the apex predator 
Though it’s able to capture prey by freezing its 
Its body resembles polished metal, and it’s both 
After being reborn as a ghost Pokémon, 
It’s capable of flying faster than 120 mph. 
When it isn’t battling, it keeps Dreepy in the 
Known as a legendary hero, this Pokémon 
In times past, it worked together with a king of 
The core on its chest absorbs energy emanating 
Kubfu trains hard to perfect its moves. The moves 
This form of Urshifu is a strong believer in the 
Within dense forests, this Pokémon lives in a pack 
This Pokémon is a cluster of electrical energy. 
An academic theory proposes that Regidrago’s 
Glastrier emits intense cold from its hooves. 
It probes its surroundings with all its senses save 
Calyrex is a merciful Pokémon, capable of 
The black orbs shine with an uncanny light when the Pokémon is 
A violent creature that fells towering trees with its crude axes 
I believe it was Hisui's swampy terrain that gave Ursaluna its 
Clads itself in the souls of comrades that perished before 
Because of Sneasler's virulent poison and daunting physical 
Its lancelike spikes and savage temperament have earned it the 
When it flies to this land from across the sea, the bitter winter 
Its fluffy fur is similar in composition to plants. This Pokémon frequently washes its face to keep it from drying out. 
Floragato deftly wields the vine hidden beneath its long fur, slamming the hard flower bud against its opponents. 
This Pokémon uses the reflective fur lining its cape to camouflage the stem of its flower, creating the illusion that the flower is floating. 
It lies on warm rocks and uses the heat absorbed by its square-shaped scales to create fire energy. 
The combination of Crocalor’s fire energy and overflowing vitality has caused an egg-shaped fireball to appear on the Pokémon’s head. 
The fiery bird changes shape when Skeledirge sings. Rumor has it that the bird was born when the fireball on Skeledirge’s head gained a soul. 
This Pokémon migrated to Paldea from distant lands long ago. The gel secreted by its feathers repels water and grime." 
These Pokémon constantly run through shallow waters to train their legs, then compete with each other to see which of them kicks most gracefully. 
A single kick from a Quaquaval can send a truck rolling. This Pokémon uses its powerful legs to perform striking dances from far-off lands. 
It searches for food all day. It possesses a keen sense of smell but doesn’t use it for anything other than foraging. 
Oinkologne is proud of its fine, glossy skin. It emits a concentrated scent from the tip of its tail. 
The ball of threads wrapped around its body is elastic enough to deflect the scythes of Scyther, this Pokémon’s natural enemy. 
It clings to branches and ceilings using its threads and moves without a sound. It takes out its prey before the prey even notices it. 
It has its third set of legs folded up. When it’s in a tough spot, this Pokémon jumps over 30 feet using the strength of its legs. 
When it decides to fight all out, it stands on its previously folded legs to enter Showdown Mode. It neutralizes its enemies in short order. 
It has underdeveloped electric sacs on its cheeks. These sacs can produce electricity only if Pawmi rubs them furiously with the pads on its forepaws. 
When its group is attacked, Pawmo is the first to leap into battle, defeating enemies with a fighting technique that utilizes electric shocks. 
This Pokémon normally is slow to react, but once it enters battle, it will strike down its enemies with lightning-fast movements. 
Exhibiting great teamwork, they use their incisors to cut pieces out of any material that might be useful for a nest, then make off with them. 
The two little ones just appeared one day. The group might be a family of related Pokémon, but nobody knows for sure. 
This Pokémon is smooth and moist to the touch. Yeast in Fidough’s breath induces fermentation in the Pokémon’s vicinity. 
The pleasant aroma that emanates from this Pokémon’s body helps wheat grow, so Dachsbun has been treasured by farming villages. 
It protects itself from enemies by emitting oil from the fruit on its head. This oil is bitter and astringent enough to make someone flinch. 
Dolliv shares its tasty, fresh-scented oil with others. This species has coexisted with humans since times long gone. 
This calm Pokémon is very compassionate. It will share its delicious, nutrient-rich oil with weakened Pokémon. 
These Pokémon prefer to live in cities. They form flocks based on the color of their feathers, and they fight over territory. 
It was born in a layer of rock salt deep under the earth. This species was particularly treasured in the old days, as they would share precious salt. 
This Pokémon dry cures its prey by spraying salt over them. The curing process steals away the water in the prey’s body. 
Garganacl will rub its fingertips together and sprinkle injured Pokémon with salt. Even severe wounds will promptly heal afterward. 
Burnt charcoal came to life and became a Pokémon. Possessing a fiery fighting spirit, Charcadet will battle even tough opponents. 
Armarouge evolved through the use of a set of armor that belonged to a distinguished warrior. This Pokémon is incredibly loyal. 
The fiery blades on its arms burn fiercely with the lingering resentment of a sword wielder who fell before accomplishing their goal. 
Tadbulb shakes its tail to generate electricity. If it senses danger, it will make its head blink on and off to alert its allies. 
When this Pokémon expands and contracts its wobbly body, the belly-button dynamo in its stomach produces a huge amount of electricity. 
When its wings catch the wind, the bones within produce electricity. This Pokémon dives into the ocean, catching prey by electrocuting them. 
Kilowattrel inflates its throat sac to amplify its electricity. By riding the wind, this Pokémon can fly over 430 miles in a day. 
It always scowls in an attempt to make opponents take it seriously, but even crying children will burst into laughter when they see Maschiff’s face. 
This Pokémon can store energy in its large dewlap. Mabosstiff unleashes this energy all at once to blow away enemies. 
Though usually a mellow Pokémon, it will sink its sharp, poison-soaked front teeth into any that anger it, causing paralysis in the object of its ire. 
The color of the poisonous saliva depends on what the Pokémon eats. Grafaiai covers its fingers in its saliva and draws patterns on trees in forests. 
A soul unable to move on to the afterlife was blown around by the wind until it got tangled up with dried grass and became a Pokémon. 
It will open the branches of its head to envelop its prey. Once it absorbs all the life energy it needs, it expels the prey and discards it. 
Toedscool lives in muggy forests. The flaps that fall from its body are chewy and very delicious. 
These Pokémon gather into groups and form colonies deep within forests. They absolutely hate it when strangers approach. 
Klawf hangs upside-down from cliffs, waiting for prey. But Klawf can’t remain in this position for long because its blood rushes to its head. 
The more sunlight this Pokémon bathes in, the more spicy chemicals are produced by its body, and thus the spicier its moves become. 
The red head converts spicy chemicals into fire energy and blasts the surrounding area with a super spicy stream of flame. 
This Pokémon creates a mud ball by mixing sand and dirt with psychic energy. It treasures its mud ball more than its own life. 
The body that supports the ball barely moves. Therefore, it is thought that the true body of this Pokémon is actually inside the ball. 
Flittle’s toes levitate about half an inch above the ground because of the psychic power emitted from the frills on the Pokémon’s belly. 
It immobilizes opponents by bathing them in psychic power from its large eyes. Despite its appearance, it has a vicious temperament. 
It swings its handmade hammer around to protect itself, but the hammer is often stolen by Pokémon that eat metal. 
This Pokémon will attack groups of Pawniard and Bisharp, gathering metal from them in order to create a large and sturdy hammer. 
This intelligent Pokémon has a very daring disposition. It knocks rocks into the sky with its hammer, aiming for flying Corviknight. 
This Pokémon can pick up the scent of a Veluza just over 65 feet away and will hide itself in the sand. 
It has a vicious temperament, contrary to what its appearance may suggest. It wraps its long bodies around prey, then drags the prey into its den. 
It gathers things up in an apron made from shed feathers added to the Pokémon’s chest feathers, then drops those things from high places for fun. 
It likes playing with others of its kind using the water ring on its tail. It uses ultrasonic waves to sense the emotions of other living creatures. 
This Pokémon changes its appearance if it hears its allies calling for help. Palafin will never show anybody its moment of transformation. 
It is said that this Pokémon was born when an unknown poison Pokémon entered and inspirited an engine left at a scrap-processing factory. 
It creates a gas out of poison and minerals from rocks. It then detonates the gas in its cylinders—now numbering eight—to generate energy. 
Apparently Cyclizar has been allowing people to ride on its back since ancient times. Depictions of this have been found in 10,000-year-old murals. 
When attacked, this Pokémon will wield the tendrils on its body like fists and pelt the opponent with a storm of punches. 
It absorbs nutrients from cave walls. The petals it wears are made of crystallized poison. 
When this Pokémon detects danger, it will open up its crystalline petals and fire beams from its conical body. 
It is said that a dog Pokémon that died in the wild without ever interacting with a human was reborn as this Pokémon. 
Houndstone spends most of its time sleeping in graveyards. Among all the dog Pokémon, this one is most loyal to its master. 
This Pokémon apparently ties the base of its neck into a knot so that energy stored in its belly does not escape from its beak. 
This species left the ocean and began living on land a very long time ago. It seems to be closely related to Wailmer. 
This Pokémon wanders around snowy, icy areas. It protects its body with powerful muscles and a thick layer of fat under its skin. 
When Veluza discards unnecessary flesh, its mind becomes honed and its psychic power increases. The spare flesh has a mild but delicious flavor. 
This Pokémon is a glutton, but it’s bad at getting food. It teams up with a Tatsugiri to catch prey. 
This is a small dragon Pokémon. It lives inside the mouth of Dondozo to protect itself from enemies on the outside. 
When its anger rose beyond a critical point, this Pokémon gained power that is unfettered by the limits of its physical body. 
When attacked, this Pokémon will retaliate by sticking thick spines out from its body. It’s a risky move that puts everything on the line. 
Now that the brain waves from the head and tail are synced up, the psychic power of this Pokémon is 10 times stronger than Girafarig’s. 
This Pokémon uses its hard tail to make its nest by boring holes into bedrock deep underground. The nest can reach lengths of over six miles. 
Only a Bisharp that stands above all others in its vast army can evolve into Kingambit. 
Sightings of this Pokémon have occurred in recent years. The name Great Tusk was taken from a creature listed in a certain book. 
There has been only one reported sighting of this Pokémon. It resembles a mysterious creature depicted in an old expedition journal. 
It is possible that the creature listed as Brute Bonnet in a certain book could actually be this Pokémon. 
This Pokémon has characteristics similar to those of Flutter Mane, a creature mentioned in a certain book. 
This mysterious Pokémon has some similarities to a creature that an old book introduced as Slither Wing. 
No records exist of this Pokémon being caught. Data is lacking, but the Pokémon’s traits match up with a creature shown in an expedition journal. 
This Pokémon closely resembles a scientific weapon that a paranormal magazine claimed was sent to this planet by aliens. 
Its shape is similar to a robot featured in a paranormal magazine article. The robot was said to have been created by an ancient civilization. 
It is very similar to a cyborg covered exclusively by a paranormal magazine. The cyborg was said to be the modified form of a certain athlete. 
It resembles a certain Pokémon introduced in a paranormal magazine, described as the offspring of a Hydreigon that fell in love with a robot. 
This Pokémon resembles an unknown object described in a paranormal magazine as a UFO sent to observe humanity. 
It has some similarities to a Pokémon introduced in a dubious magazine as a Tyranitar from one billion years into the future. 
Frigibax absorbs heat through its dorsal fin and converts the heat into ice energy. The higher the temperature, the more energy Frigibax stores. 
Arctibax freezes the air around it, protecting its face with an ice mask and turning its dorsal fin into a blade of ice. 
This Pokémon blasts cryogenic air out from its mouth. This air can instantly freeze even liquid-hot lava. 
This Pokémon was born inside a treasure chest about 1,500 years ago. It sucks the life-force out of scoundrels who try to steal the treasure. 
Its body seems to be made up of 1,000 coins. This Pokémon gets along well with others and is quick to make friends with anybody. 
The grudge of a person punished for writing the king’s evil deeds upon wooden tablets has clad itself in dead leaves to become a Pokémon. 
This Pokémon can control 100 tons of fallen snow. It plays around innocently by leaping in and out of avalanches it has caused. 
The fear poured into an ancient ritual vessel has clad itself in rocks and dirt to become a Pokémon. 
It controls flames burning at over 5,400 degrees Fahrenheit. It casually swims through the sea of lava it creates by melting rock and sand. 
It is possible that this is the creature listed as Roaring Moon in an expedition journal that still holds many mysteries. 
It has some similarities to a mad scientist’s invention covered in a paranormal magazine. 
This seems to be the Winged King mentioned in an old expedition journal. It was said to have split the land with its bare fists. 
Much remains unknown about this creature. It resembles Cyclizar, but it is far more ruthless and powerful. 
This ferocious creature is shrouded in mystery. It's named after an aquatic monster mentioned in an old expedition journal. 
Many of its physical characteristics match those of a Virizion from the future that was covered in a paranormal magazine. 
Dipplin is two creatures in one Pokémon. Its evolution was triggered by a special apple grown only in one place. 
Supposedly, the regrets of a tea ceremony master who died before perfecting his craft lingered in some matcha and became a Pokémon. 
It pretends to be tea, trying to fool people into drinking it so it can drain their life-force. Its ruse is generally unsuccessful. 
After all its muscles were stimulated by the toxic chain around its neck, Okidogi transformed and gained a powerful physique. 
The chain is made from toxins that enhance capabilities. It stimulated Munkidori's brain and caused the Pokémon's psychic powers to bloom. 
Fezandipiti owes its beautiful looks and lovely voice to the toxic stimulants emanating from the chain wrapped around its body. 
This Pokémon's type changes based on which mask it's wearing. It confounds its enemies with nimble movements and kicks. 
It gathers static electricity from its surroundings. The beams it launches when down on all fours are tremendously powerful. 
Seven syrpents live inside an apple made of syrup. The syrpent in the center is the commander. 
There are scant few reports of this creature being sighted. One short video shows it rampaging and spouting pillars of flame. 
It's said to incinerate everything around it with lightning launched from its fur. Very little is known about this creature. 
It resembles a Pokémon described in a dubious magazine as a Terrakion that had been modified by an evil organization. 
It resembles a mysterious object introduced in a paranormal magazine as a cutting-edge weapon shaped like a Cobalion. 
Terapagos protects itself using its power to transform energy into hard crystals. This Pokémon is the source of the Terastal phenomenon. 
It feeds others toxic mochi that draw out desires and capabilities. Those who eat the mochi fall under Pecharunt’s control, chained to its will. 
